ulexite,https://[some url or whatever]/ulexite
aragonite,https://[some url or whatever]/aragonite
azurite,https://[some url or whatever]/azurite
calcite,https://[some url or whatever]/calcite
dolomite,https://[some url or whatever]/dolomite
malachtite,https://[some url or whatever]/malachtite
copper,https://[some url or whatever]/copper
diamond,https://[some url or whatever]/diamond
gold,https://[some url or whatever]/gold
graphite,https://[some url or whatever]/graphite
silver,https://[some url or whatever]/silver
sulfur,https://[some url or whatever]/sulfur
fluorite,https://[some url or whatever]/fluorite
halite,https://[some url or whatever]/halite
bauxite,https://[some url or whatever]/bauxite
corundum,https://[some url or whatever]/corundum
goethite,https://[some url or whatever]/goethite
limonite,https://[some url or whatever]/limonite
hematite,https://[some url or whatever]/hematite
magnetite,https://[some url or whatever]/magnetite
apatite,https://[some url or whatever]/apatite
barite,https://[some url or whatever]/barite
celestite,https://[some url or whatever]/celestite
alabaster,https://[some url or whatever]/alabaster
satin spar,https://[some url or whatever]/satin spar
selenite,https://[some url or whatever]/selenite
bornite,https://[some url or whatever]/bornite
chalcopyrite,https://[some url or whatever]/chalcopyrite
pyrite,https://[some url or whatever]/pyrite
sphalerite,https://[some url or whatever]/sphalerite
beryl,https://[some url or whatever]/beryl
epidote,https://[some url or whatever]/epidote
kaolinite,https://[some url or whatever]/kaolinite
olivine,https://[some url or whatever]/olivine
sodalite,https://[some url or whatever]/sodalite
staurolite,https://[some url or whatever]/staurolite
talc,https://[some url or whatever]/talc
topaz,https://[some url or whatever]/topaz
tourmaline group,https://[some url or whatever]/tourmaline group
hornblende,https://[some url or whatever]/hornblende
tremolite,https://[some url or whatever]/tremolite
albite,https://[some url or whatever]/albite
amazonite,https://[some url or whatever]/amazonite
orthoclase,https://[some url or whatever]/orthoclase
microcline,https://[some url or whatever]/microcline
almandine,https://[some url or whatever]/almandine
biotite,https://[some url or whatever]/biotite
lepidolite,https://[some url or whatever]/lepidolite
muscovite,https://[some url or whatever]/muscovite
augite,https://[some url or whatever]/augite
rhodonite,https://[some url or whatever]/rhodonite
agate,https://[some url or whatever]/agate
onyx,https://[some url or whatever]/onyx
amethyst,https://[some url or whatever]/amethyst
chalcedony,https://[some url or whatever]/chalcedony
citrine,https://[some url or whatever]/citrine
crystal,https://[some url or whatever]/crystal
jasper,https://[some url or whatever]/jasper
milky quartz,https://[some url or whatever]/milky quartz
opal,https://[some url or whatever]/opal
rose quartz,https://[some url or whatever]/rose quartz
gneiss,https://[some url or whatever]/gneiss
marble,https://[some url or whatever]/marble
phyllite,https://[some url or whatever]/phyllite
quartzite,https://[some url or whatever]/quartzite
garnet schist,https://[some url or whatever]/garnet schist
mica schist,https://[some url or whatever]/mica schist
slate,https://[some url or whatever]/slate
andesite,https://[some url or whatever]/andesite
basalt,https://[some url or whatever]/basalt
diorite,https://[some url or whatever]/diorite
gabbro,https://[some url or whatever]/gabbro
granite,https://[some url or whatever]/granite
obsidian,https://[some url or whatever]/obsidian
pegmatite,https://[some url or whatever]/pegmatite
pumice,https://[some url or whatever]/pumice
rhyolite,https://[some url or whatever]/rhyolite
scoria,https://[some url or whatever]/scoria
arkose,https://[some url or whatever]/arkose
breccia,https://[some url or whatever]/breccia
chert,https://[some url or whatever]/chert
conglomerate,https://[some url or whatever]/conglomerate
diatomite,https://[some url or whatever]/diatomite
dolostone,https://[some url or whatever]/dolostone
sandstone,https://[some url or whatever]/sandstone
shale,https://[some url or whatever]/shale
anthracite,https://[some url or whatever]/anthracite
bituminous,https://[some url or whatever]/bituminous
lignite,https://[some url or whatever]/lignite
chalk,https://[some url or whatever]/chalk
coquina,https://[some url or whatever]/coquina
fossiliferous,https://[some url or whatever]/fossiliferous
oolite,https://[some url or whatever]/oolite
travertine,https://[some url or whatever]/travertine